## Algorithm

source：leetCode


```
> 198. House Robber
> category：Dynamic Programming
> difficulty：easy
```
Code:

		if(nums.length == 0) {
			return 0;
		}
		if (nums.length  ==1) {
			return nums[0];
		}
	
		int[] maxCash = new int[nums.length];
		maxCash[0] = nums[0];
		maxCash[1] = Math.max(nums[0], nums[1]);
		
		for (int i = 2; i < nums.length ; i++) {
			maxCash[i] = Math.max(nums[i] + maxCash[i - 2], maxCash[i - 1]);
		}
	
		return maxCash[nums.length - 1];


#  Review
### Article：A Step by Step Guide to Dynamic Programming
http://blog.gainlo.co/index.php/2015/10/22/a-step-by-step-guide-to-dynamic-programming/

A pretty good Article that summarize the patterns of dynamic programming, here are some steps to solve these question:
 1. *Find out subProblem.*  It’s not easy to recognize the subproblem relation. Here're two advices: First, **try to practice with more dynamic programming questions**; Once you’ve finished more than ten questions, then you will realize how obvious the relation is and many times you will directly think about dynamic programming at first glance. Second, **try to identify different subproblems.**
 2. *Breaking down formula*
 3. *Memorization* store results of those subproblems,when next time we need to solve it, fetch the result directly.
 4.  Implementation.Here're the patterns to help you implement the code:
 - ++Init memorization++
 - ++Check if the problem has been solved from the memory, if so, return the result directly.++
 - ++Implement the formula++
 - ++Save the result to memory++
 
After all, we always encourage people to summarize patterns when preparing an interview since there are countless questions, but patterns can help you solve all of them.


# Tips
#####  bootstram.yml to spring cloud config
This week I have try to integrate OAuth2, zipkin,zookeeper, zuul in our project.Our project is using spring cloud, and in this process I've spend most of the time on resolving dependency problem in maven and some error when starting application. 

At first there is only one config file(appliction.yml) in our project,though I have add some config context in the yml file ,application failed on running.At last, I check the demo and found that bootstrap.yml should be added to the project too.

Technically, bootstrap.yml is loaded by a parent Spring ApplicationContext. That parent ApplicationContext is loaded before the one that uses application.yml.

# Share
从亚马逊的时间，谈分布式系统的难点
――左耳听风专栏文章重读


Since 2002, Amazon's CEO  force all services should be provided in interface and if someone against will be fired.We regard this as the predecessor of AWS.In the mean while, distributed system brings out problem like these:
- difficult to figure out problem in service
- requires distributed team as weell.In china, a team is divided into different job by members' skill: front-end, C++, Java, QA and so on. But in a distruibuted team, everyone is full-stack: you wrote it ,you run it.
- same standard to internal service and external service. 

In the meanwhile, there are also some points we should pay attention in technical way:
- different devlope standard will get system being more complex.
- service dependency.In distributed system, application and DB should isolate from each other to weaken the impact of dependent service.
- larger probability of fault's happening.So,it's quite important to design for failure.
- more complex to maintain system.A unitary maintain view is required, or you will spend many times to communicate with other team and finding out the probleam.

